[VirusTotal] Add custom fields to indicators (#35349)
demisto/content: Packs/VirusTotal/Integrations/VirusTotalV3/README.md

| File.Relationships.EntityAType | String | The type of the source of the relationship. |
| File.Relationships.EntityBType | String | The type of the destination of the relationship. |
| File.Malicious.Vendor | String | For malicious files, the vendor that made the decision. |
| File.Malicious.Description | String | For malicious files, the reason that the vendor made the decision. |
| File.Malicious.Detections | Number | For malicious files, the total number of detections. |
| File.Malicious.TotalEngines | Number | For malicious files, the total number of engines that checked the file hash. |

> | File.VTVendors.EngineDetections | Number | Number of VT vendors which flagged the file as malicious. |
> | File.VTVendors.EngineVendors | Array | VT vendors which flagged the file as malicious. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| File.VTVendors.EngineDetections | Number | Number of VT vendors that flagged the file as malicious. |
| File.VTVendors.EngineVendors | Array | VT vendors who flagged the file as malicious. |
```

> | File.VTVendors.EngineDetectionNames | Array | VT detection names which flagged the file as malicious. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| File.VTVendors.EngineDetectionNames | Array | VT detection names that flagged the file as malicious. |
```

| IP.Relationships.Relationship | string | The name of the relationship. | 
| IP.Relationships.EntityAType | string | The type of the source of the relationship. | 
| IP.Relationships.EntityBType | string | The type of the destination of the relationship. | 

> | IP.Malicious.Vendor | String | For malicious IPs, the vendor that made the decision. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| IP.Malicious.Vendor | String | For malicious IPs, the vendor who made the decision. | 
```

| IP.Malicious.Description | String | For malicious IPs, the reason that the vendor made the decision. | 

> | IP.VTVendors.EngineDetections | Number | Number of VT vendors which flagged the IP as malicious. |
> | IP.VTVendors.EngineVendors | Array | VT vendors which flagged the IP as malicious. |
> | IP.VTVendors.EngineDetectionNames | Array | VT detection names which flagged the IP as malicious. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| IP.VTVendors.EngineDetections | Number | Number of VT vendors that flagged the IP as malicious. |
| IP.VTVendors.EngineVendors | Array | VT vendors who flagged the IP as malicious. |
| IP.VTVendors.EngineDetectionNames | Array | VT detection names that flagged the IP as malicious. |
```

| URL.Relationships.Relationship | String | The name of the relationship. |
| URL.Relationships.EntityAType | String | The type of the source of the relationship. |
| URL.Relationships.EntityBType | String | The type of the destination of the relationship. |

> | URL.Malicious.Vendor | String | For malicious URLs, the vendor that made the decision. |
> | URL.Malicious.Description | String | For malicious URLs, the reason that the vendor made the decision. |
> | URL.VTVendors.EngineDetections | Number | Number of VT vendors which flagged the URL as malicious. |
> | URL.VTVendors.EngineVendors | Array | VT vendors which flagged the URL as malicious. |
> | URL.VTVendors.EngineDetectionNames | Array | VT detection names which flagged the URL as malicious. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| URL.Malicious.Vendor | String | For malicious URLs, the vendor who made the decision. |
| URL.Malicious.Description | String | For malicious URLs, the reason that the vendor made the decision. |
| URL.VTVendors.EngineDetections | Number | Number of VT vendors that flagged the URL as malicious. |
| URL.VTVendors.EngineVendors | Array | VT vendors who flagged the URL as malicious. |
| URL.VTVendors.EngineDetectionNames | Array | VT detection names that flagged the URL as malicious. |
```

| Domain.Relationships.Relationship | String | The name of the relationship. |
| Domain.Relationships.EntityAType | String | The type of the source of the relationship. |
| Domain.Relationships.EntityBType | String | The type of the destination of the relationship. |

> | Domain.Malicious.Vendor | String | For malicious domains, the vendor that made the decision. |
> | Domain.Malicious.Description | String | For malicious domains, the reason that the vendor made the decision. |
> | Domain.VTVendors.EngineDetections | Number | Number of VT vendors which flagged the domain as malicious. |
> | Domain.VTVendors.EngineVendors | Array | VT vendors which flagged the domain as malicious. |
> | Domain.VTVendors.EngineDetectionNames | Array | VT detection names which flagged the domain as malicious. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Domain.Malicious.Vendor | String | For malicious domains, the vendor who made the decision. |
| Domain.Malicious.Description | String | For malicious domains, the reason that the vendor made the decision. |
| Domain.VTVendors.EngineDetections | Number | Number of VT vendors that flagged the domain as malicious. |
| Domain.VTVendors.EngineVendors | Array | VT vendors who flagged the domain as malicious. |
| Domain.VTVendors.EngineDetectionNames | Array | VT detection names that flagged the domain as malicious. |
```

>|Id|Threat Severity Level|Popular Threat Category|Threat Verdict|Status|
>|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
>| example-analysis-id | HIGH | trojan | MALICIOUS | completed |

## VT indicator fields

3 indicator fields have been added to all indicator types:

> - **VT Engine Detections**. Number. Number of VT vendors which flagged the indicator as malicious.
> - **VT Engine Vendors**. Array. VT vendors which flagged the indicator as malicious.
> - **VT Engine Detection Names**. Array. VT detection names which flagged the indicator as malicious.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **VT Engine Detections**. Number. Number of VT vendors that flagged the indicator as malicious.
- **VT Engine Vendors**. Array. VT vendors who flagged the indicator as malicious.
- **VT Engine Detection Names**. Array. VT detection names that flagged the indicator as malicious.
```

> To display the new fields in indicators, navigate to `Settings -> Objects Setup -> Indicators -> Types`. Select the desired indicator type, for example, `File`. Click on `Edit` and, under `Custom Fields`, choose the desired field and add the corresponding path. For instance, if you select the `VT Engine Detections` field for the `File` indicator type, add the path `File.VTVendors.EngineDetections`. This will enable the field to be populated in the indicator data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display the new fields in indicators:

1. Navigate to `Settings > Objects Setup > Indicators > Types`. 
2. Select the desired indicator type, for example, `File`. 
3. Click `Edit` and, under `Custom Fields`, choose the desired field and add the corresponding path. For instance, if you select the `VT Engine Detections` field for the `File` indicator type, add the path `File.VTVendors.EngineDetections`. This will enable the field to be populated in the indicator data.
```

> Note that the field will not automatically appear in the indicator's layout. To make it visible, go to `Settings -> Objects Setup -> Indicators -> Layouts`, select the desired layout (e.g., `File Indicator`), click `Detach` if needed, and then edit the layout to include the new field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the field will not automatically appear in the indicator's layout. To make it visible:

1. Navigate to `Settings > Objects Setup > Indicators > Layouts`.
2. Select the desired layout (e.g., `File Indicator`).
3. Click `Detach` if needed, and then edit the layout to include the new field.
```
